update readme (#312)
openjs-foundation/summit: README.md

The OpenJS Foundation hosts regular summits for active contributors to the foundation projects, this repository is being used to organize them.

## Upcoming Events
- [June 9, 10, 2022 - Austin, Texas, USA](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/310)

## Registration
- You can sign-up for Collab Summit when [registering for OpenJS World](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/)

> - If you are not attending OpenJS World 2022, and just want to register for Collab Summit, please reach out to [EMAIL].

Author: Need this Email for signup.

Reviewer: Perhaps @brianwarner can help here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you are not attending OpenJS World 2022, and just want to register for Collab Summit, please reach out to [collab-summit-reg-2022@openjsf.org](mailto:collab-summit-reg-2022@openjsf.org).
```

## Planning Meetings

Every 2 weeks on Tuesday - see [issues](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues) for meeting notices and agendas

> 15:00 – 16:00 UTC

Author: Is this time good for everyone?

Reviewer: Every other week, I have a half hour conflict on the bottom of the hour, but otherwise this time works for me, if I'm doing timezone translations correctly... We may want to do a Doodle poll on this though.

Author: Good point. Can you create a poll? I tried but couldn't figure it out.

Reviewer: doodle.com -- sorry, a bit swamped right now and can't get to it at the moment.

Author: np, I have removed this section for now. We can add it later. :)

> Join via Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/742726725 - Everyone is welcome!

Author: We need a new meeting link.

## Cost

> Registration for summit can be done when you [register for OpenJS World](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/), without any additional cost. If you are not attending OpenJS World and just want to attend Collab Summit then there is fee of 15$ USD. We also have travel funds for the participants of OpenJS projects to cover their travel expenses. See [the documentation on travel funds](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/project-resources/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md) for details.

Reviewer: Did we discuss this fee? I only ask because it may not be easy to collect such a fee. I just want to be sure.

Author: Good point. I have asked in that channel. Will wait for the confirmation.
